In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
Tonight, the Grand Palais hosts the most
eagerly awaited event of the year,
the fashion show of Gabriel Agreste!
And a major event
always brings prestigious guests!
Mayor of Paris is expected to attend
the show with his wife,
the highly respected fashion critic.
Honestly, Marinette,
it's perfect the way it is!
Oh, Tikki, I don't know! I feel like
it's the ugliest hat in the world!
And Adrien is meant to model it
in front of everyone!
He'll resent me for the rest of his life!
I have zero talent!
And everyone will find that out tonight!
You're a great designer, Marinette!
Besides, if your hat was so ugly,
why did Gabriel Agreste handpick it
for his fashion show?
What if people see that it's a synthetic
pigeon feather and not a real one?
-They'll think it's lame.
-You did the right thing, replacing it.
With his allergy, Adrien would be sneezing
all the way down the catwalk!
You're right. Besides,
I don't have time to make changes anyway.
The show begins in... Oh, no!
I'm going to be late again! Quick, Tikki!
This is it! Here she comes,
the international queen of fashion,
director of Style Queen magazine,
Audrey Bourgeois!
Anthony! Uh... André!
Be a dear and fire the chauffeur.
I can't believe Gabriel
allows his staff to drive like that!
-Neither do I.
-Yes, of course, Audrey dear!
-Oh, no! It's Audrey Bourgeois!
-Who?
Only the harshest fashion critic
in the world!
I didn't know she was coming!
What is this carpet? Is it fabric?
Why isn't the red carpet
made out of marble, like I said?
You're fired!
Ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!
She's gonna hate my hat for sure!
I'm sure she won't!
Come on, Marinette,
Adrien is waiting for you!
Audrey,
like the slogan of your magazine says,
"If it's in good taste,
it's in Style Queen".
So, what's in good taste this year?
Judging by the way you're dressed,
you obviously don't know, dear.
For your information,
the trend this year is glitter.
Glitter? There's no glitter on my hat!
This is a fashion disaster!
As the editor of Style Queen,
you spend a lot of time in New York.
It must be nice to be with your family
for a change, here in Paris?
She's very happy to see me! By the way,
Mom, I have a little something for you!
-Clara! Uh... Chloé! What is this?
-Um, it's a gift.
Huh! This wrapping paper is ridiculous.
Utterly ridiculous. You're fired!
Darling, please, you can't fire Chloé!
She's your daughter!
How long are you planning to stay
in Paris?
The shortest possible time.
Thank you. This show just might be
one of the most important
in Agreste's career, as evidenced
by Audrey Bourgeois' presence.
Will the designer who never appears
in public show up for the occasion?
Stay tuned to find out! Don't be...
-Where are you going?
-You heard Audrey Bourgeois.
I can't let Adrien model this hat!
There's no glitter on it!
Zero trend potential!
Ah! There you are, Marinette.
Everyone's waiting for you.
-But, actually, I...
-The dressing rooms are that way.
-Hurry up. You're late.
-Uh... OK!
Whoa!
Ah...
What is this?
Uh...
Mom, this is Marinette Dupain-Cheng,
the loser! And this is a hat she made,
because she thinks she's a designer!
She even signed it!
I... It's not me, it's another Marinette!
I was just bringing it to her.
Marinette, we have to go.
Hmm.
I feel awkward!
That's probably
because you look ridiculous.
[knock on door]
-Hello, Marinette!
-Oh! Uh... Hulla...
-Oh, sorry!
-No worries.
-Ouch! Sorry!
-Ow!
Oh, no!
I hope it's not too hard to fix it!
Oh, you know, it doesn't really matter.
This hat is a complete failure anyway.
What? Not it's not!
Why would you say that?
Because...
The queen of fashion, Audrey Bourgeois,
saw it and hated it!
I'm sorry, Adrien. I really messed up.
I'm a total no-talent!
-Please don't put it on.
-Marinette, everything will be fine.
Your hat looks great. I think
it's awesome and so does my father,
otherwise he wouldn't have
picked it for me. Look!
See?
[giggles]
-You've got that catwalk down!
-Really? Thank you.
Ahem! We have to go.
Marinette! Yoohoo!
-She looks nervous.
-No doubt. It's her first fashion show,
with her first professional piece,
not to mention Adrien's modelling it.
-I'm sure it'll go just great!
-Mmm-hmm.
How dilapidated is this place!
And I have to share the front row
with these lowlifes? Ridiculous!
Utterly ridiculous!
Uh, sorry,
but that seat is reserved for Marinette!
-This Marinette girl, again?
-Let me handle this, Mother!
Hey, losers! Do you know who my mother is?
She's Mrs Style Queen,
the most powerful woman in fashion!
This show is for her, OK? So get lost!
Mrs Bourgeois,
Mr Agreste has reserved a seat for you.
-Ah, finally!
-In the second row.
What?
My mother always sits in the front row.
-Not today.
-This is unacceptable!
Gabriel cannot do this to me!
I'm the one who discovered him!
Without me, he'd still be drawing
his designs in his dismal, cramped studio!
I can offer your seat to someone else
if you don't want it.
How dare you? You're fired!
I don't work for you, but Mr Agreste.
We'll see about that!
[phone ringing]
I'm sorry. It took some time, I know.
But, today, I can feel my prey
has more malice in her
than anyone I've ever akumatised before.
She will be my masterpiece.
[answer phone]
Please leave a message.
I assume from your expression
that I am not "fired"?
This is unacceptable! I will not view
a fashion show from the second row! Ever!
Tell me, my dear akumas,
what will be the trend tonight?
Fly away, my little akuma,
and evilise this wonderfully vile queen!
-Mom?
-Audrey, dear?
Style Queen, I am Hawk Moth.
You've been refused a throne
that is rightfully yours.
As queen of fashion, you will now be able
to revenge those fashion disasters
-who disrespected you!
-They'll see who's Queen, Hawk Moth!
[both gasp]
All cool, girl?
A fashion show without the queen of style?
Glitterally unacceptable!
Is this supposed to happen?
I've never attended a fashion show before.
Where's that ungrateful Gabriel Agreste?
-I demand that he kneels before me!
-My father isn't here!
Well, then,
if fashion-disaster daddy isn't here,
I'll just have to settle
for Agreste Junior!
You're fired!
[screaming]
-Adrien!
-Uh-oh! We've got a problem!
Adrien!
We no longer have a choice.
Style Queen, you must defeat Ladybug
and Cat Noir as soon as possible.
-Aaah!
-But where is Marinette?
This Style Queen
just made a huge faux pas!
Tikki, spots on! Ha!
You're all fired! Ha, ha, ha, ha!
Audrey, dear!
Darling, sweetheart,
please stop this madness!
Hmm...
-Fired!
-Mom...
Claudine? Uh... Chloé? I'm not Mom.
I am Style Queen!
-Do you want to be fired too?
-No, no, I really don't, Style Queen!
Er... besides,
don't you need an assistant?
Hmm...
I did fire my last one this morning.
-She sure was useless! Utterly useless!
-Fine, I'll take you on trial!
Style Queen!
What an atrocious suit!
The bug look is so last year!
But the yo-yo
makes a strong comeback this year!
You're a couple sizes too small
to beat me, Ladybug!
[evil laugh]
Mom! Uh, Style Queen! If you want to find
Gabriel Agreste, I know where he lives.
You can take care of Ladybug later!
She's worthless anyway!
Hmm. It's not a completely idiotic idea.
Clothilde? Uh... Chloé?
Where is Gabriel Agreste?
-He usually never leaves his house!
-Style Queen,
he's hidden safely somewhere!
Ladybug is protecting him!
-Pah! She can barely protect herself!
-Seize Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
If they can't save his son,
then Gabriel Agreste will have to show up!
Don't worry, Hawk Moth,
you'll get your costume jewels!
Not again!
Can't she stand still for two seconds?
Please, Mom, stop!
Keep this for me, sleeping beauty!
Oh! You're not going to hurt my Adrikins,
are you, Mom? Uh, Style Queen?
You want to join Agreste Junior, Kylie?
Uh... Chloé? Just ask, and I'll fire you!
No, thanks.
You're right, we don't care about him!
Make yourself useful, assistant.
Tell me if you see Ladybug and Cat Noir.
Yes, Style Queen.
What am I gonna do?
Gabriel Agreste!
If you refuse to show your face,
your son will soon be nothing
but glitter in the wind!
-Oh, it doesn't break! Adrikins, wake up!
-Cat Noir, I don't know what you're doing,
but there's a witch of a villain
running loose and I need you!
Psst! Ladybug, hurry up!
Adrikins is crumbling!
-Did you see where the akuma landed?
-It's in the rose she put on him!
-Where's Cat Noir?
-I wish I knew.
You'd better come up with something fast.
My mother is going to see you!
It's really impossible to find
qualified staff these days!
You're fired!
No!
Ladybug,
hand over those awful earrings
and let's get this over with!
You still don't get it, huh,
fashion victim? I am invincible!
My power is only equalled
by my sense of fashion!
I am invincible! Ha, ha, ha, ha!
Lucky charm!
A mallet?
What am I supposed to do with this?
Haven't you got it already?
You can't beat me!
How could you defeat me?
You can't even touch me! Ha, ha, ha!
Of course!
Let her go. She'll bring us Cat Noir!
I need both of their Miraculous anyway!
Master Fu! Cat Noir has disappeared!
I can't beat Style Queen without him!
-And the Lucky Charm told me to come here!
-Don't worry, Cat Noir is fine.
Well, what's he doing, then?
Why isn't he helping me?
-He's just lost his Miraculous.
-What? He's just lost his Miraculous?
This is a disaster!
That tomcat's really got himself
stuck up in a tree this time.
-Let me guess, you're Cat Noir's kwami.
-Yes, he tends to copy me a bit too much.
Yet, lately, he's been doing silly things!
In 5,000 years, I've never experienced
such an irresponsible Miraculous owner!
As a result, he's lost his ring,
and it's just me able to help you out!
No! It's out of the question, Plagg!
You are way too dangerous
without an owner!
Dangerous? Me? How so?
Does the disappearance of Atlantis
ring a bell?
-I'd had too much cheese!
-The Leaning Tower of Pisa?
-I didn't see it!
-Dinosaurs!
Oh! Yeah, OK, I did go too far, there.
But I was young!
Neither Cat Noir nor Plagg
can help you today.
Marinette Dupain-Cheng,
Pick an ally you can trust
to fight alongside you on this mission.
Choose wisely.
Such powers are meant to serve
the greater good.
Once the mission is over,
you'll retrieve their Miraculous.
I need someone
who can actually immobilise my opponent.
-Hmm.
-Do you have someone in mind, Marinette?
I know just the right person!
Why, the red spotted cockroach
is coming back!
But she forgot
her frightful feline in black!
Cat Noir isn't here? Never mind!
Catch Ladybug and make her tell you where
he's hiding! I need both Miraculous, now!
Alya! Don't get close to Style Queen!
It's dangerous!
It's hard to get the scoop
when you're not involved, Ladybug!
Well, I have a scoop for you.
Alya Césaire,
here's the Miraculous of the bee
which grants the power of subjection.
You will use it for the greater good.
Wow!
Ladybug! You're out of fashion! Give up!
Watch out!
Where's Cat Noir? Oh, let me guess!
He's hiding because he's ashamed
of his outfit!
Lucky Charm!
-A tube of glue?
-Glue this, Bug!
You're always running away, Ladybug!
Not this time!
A glue diet? Ha! That's original!
But I'm still going to...
Oh!
Oh, what's the matter?
Do you have indigestion?
How dare you? I'm gonna squash you
like the nasty bug you are!
Ha, ha, ha! You're no match
for Style Queen, my poor Ladybug.
Soon you'll be nothing but a bad memory,
like shoulder pads!
-Stay away from the ladybug!
-Plagg!
My, my, what do we have here?
A talking rat?
Miaow! Style faux-pas!
Cataclysm!
Better hurry and fix everything!
Now I get why Master Fu
didn't want to let you out!
No!
No more evildoing for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Miraculous Ladybug!
Adrikins!
I was so scared!
[she moans]
What am I doing here? You're all fired!
-Pound it!
-I hope Cat Noir finds his Miraculous.
-Don't worry!
I'll be on him like mould on cheese!
Oh, Mom, if you only knew
what a great team we made!
We fired a bunch of incompetents.
It was awesome!
We should really spend more time together.
-What if I went back to New York with you?
-Don't be ridiculous, Casserole! Chloé!
First I have to get back
to Agreste's fashion show. And...
The fashion show!
My father will worry about me!
It's on my way.
I can give you a lift if you want.
Style Queen was my greatest masterpiece!
How could she have failed?
How could I have failed?
What should I do now?
Sir, you took a big risk,
especially regarding Adrien.
If only I could tell Adrien
why I'm doing this, he would understand.
Thank you, Ladybug!
For the lift, and also for saving my life!
Uh... well... not a mall...
I mean, not at all!
[buzzing]
I... I have to go! Bye!
Marinette! Aren't you forgetting?
You must bring the Miraculous
back to Master Fu!
But the magic ladybugs
already brought it back, didn't they?
Wait. If they didn't,
then I lost a Miraculous?
I have to go back to the Eiffel Tower
right now! Quick, Tikki!
Marinette, there you are!
We've been looking for you everywhere.
Are you OK, sweetie?
Uh, I'm fine. Thanks to Ladybug,
I'm no longer a glitter statue!
What would we do without Ladybug?
We'll finally watch the fashion show,
and witness the success of our daughter
and her amazing hat!
Uh... I... Actually, I have...
No, you don't!
Come on, we can't miss the beginning!
Don't worry. No one will find the box.
We'll get it right after the show!
Remind me to tell your father
to fire the person in charge
of the Eiffel Tower elevators!
This is unacceptable,
utterly unacceptable!
Of course, Mom! Huh?
Hmm.
Hello, my queen!